README.md, before:

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202-blue.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/snazy/protobuf-maven-plugin/master/LICENSE)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/snazy/protobuf-maven-plugin/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/snazy/protobuf-maven-plugin/actions/workflows/main.yml)
[![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/org.caffinitas.protobuf-maven/protobuf-maven-plugin)](https://search.maven.org/artifact/org.caffinitas.protobuf-maven/protobuf-maven-plugin)

# NOTE! This is a fork!

_**This is a fork of [xolstice/protobuf-maven-plugin](https://github.com/xolstice/protobuf-maven-plugin/)**_
based on [this commit](https://github.com/xolstice/protobuf-maven-plugin/commit/fe8e6448dc6a5d58019b47a6fa7d348f8acd28e5)
from August 2020 (the latest release 0.6.1 was in Oct 2018) of the forked repo with the following additions:

* Use shared repository for protobuf binaries to prevent a sporadic build failure on Linux when
  executing the `protoc` binary. The shared repository is located at the project's top level
  directory under `.mvn/protobuf-binaries`.
  This is enabled by default, can be disabled by setting the new configuration option
  `useProtocBinaryRepository` to `false`.
* https://github.com/xolstice/protobuf-maven-plugin/issues/77

In addition to version 0.6.1:

* Fix file descriptor leak [commit](https://github.com/xolstice/protobuf-maven-plugin/commit/05ad59b08160fee6c20429ddc223f89e0093afe8)
* Support passing option to Java compiler [commit](https://github.com/xolstice/protobuf-maven-plugin/commit/3ae165e5f6b33f8a6221ece11cc79a7df5eeb8df)
* Respect attach flag for descriptor set goals [commit](https://github.com/xolstice/protobuf-maven-plugin/commit/68c82a45c2fd424bb002a8dbcebf2e78304580c1)
* Use pb insead of protobin for binary descriptors [commit](https://github.com/xolstice/protobuf-maven-plugin/commit/18461bf2554dc98139e95dc4828142b939f4b45a)

Plus quite a few dependency updates.

# Maven Protocol Buffers Plugin

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/xolstice/protobuf-maven-plugin](https://badges.gitter.im/xolstice/protobuf-maven-plugin.svg)](https://gitter.im/xolstice/protobuf-maven-plugin?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

A plugin that integrates protocol buffers compiler (`protoc`) into Maven lifecycle.
This is a continuation of `maven-protoc-plugin` that was started at Google
and later developed by GitHub community.

[Release notes](https://www.xolstice.org/protobuf-maven-plugin/changes-report.html) and detailed documentation
are available on the [web site](https://www.xolstice.org/protobuf-maven-plugin/).

Please also read [Contribution Guidelines](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md) and [Code of Conduct](docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) for this project.

Commit message:

Update README for `Text file busy` error

README.md, after:

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202-blue.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/snazy/protobuf-maven-plugin/master/LICENSE)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/snazy/protobuf-maven-plugin/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/snazy/protobuf-maven-plugin/actions/workflows/main.yml)
[![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/org.caffinitas.protobuf-maven/protobuf-maven-plugin)](https://search.maven.org/artifact/org.caffinitas.protobuf-maven/protobuf-maven-plugin)

# NOTE! This is a fork!

_**This is a fork of [xolstice/protobuf-maven-plugin](https://github.com/xolstice/protobuf-maven-plugin/)**_
based on [this commit](https://github.com/xolstice/protobuf-maven-plugin/commit/fe8e6448dc6a5d58019b47a6fa7d348f8acd28e5)
from August 2020 (the latest release 0.6.1 was in Oct 2018) of the forked repo with the following additions:

## Since version 0.7.1
 
* Invoke protoc and plugin binaries (like grpc) via `/bin/sh -c` to get around the issue that
  parallel multi-module builds on Linux run into
  `java.io.IOException: Cannot run program "...": error=26, Text file busy` errors. Background is
  that Linux prevents executing (`fork`) another process while its binary file has an open file
  descriptor for that file. This can happen when the binary file has just been written and also
  already properly closed. The code itself is fine (copy the file, close the file, execute) though,
  but practice proves that it doesn't always work.

## Since version 0.7.0

* Use shared repository for protobuf binaries to prevent a sporadic build failure on Linux when
  executing the `protoc` binary. The shared repository is located at the project's top level
  directory under `.mvn/protobuf-binaries`.
  This is enabled by default, can be disabled by setting the new configuration option
  `useProtocBinaryRepository` to `false`.
* https://github.com/xolstice/protobuf-maven-plugin/issues/77

In addition to version 0.6.1:

* Fix file descriptor leak [commit](https://github.com/xolstice/protobuf-maven-plugin/commit/05ad59b08160fee6c20429ddc223f89e0093afe8)
* Support passing option to Java compiler [commit](https://github.com/xolstice/protobuf-maven-plugin/commit/3ae165e5f6b33f8a6221ece11cc79a7df5eeb8df)
* Respect attach flag for descriptor set goals [commit](https://github.com/xolstice/protobuf-maven-plugin/commit/68c82a45c2fd424bb002a8dbcebf2e78304580c1)
* Use pb insead of protobin for binary descriptors [commit](https://github.com/xolstice/protobuf-maven-plugin/commit/18461bf2554dc98139e95dc4828142b939f4b45a)

Plus quite a few dependency updates.

# Maven Protocol Buffers Plugin

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/xolstice/protobuf-maven-plugin](https://badges.gitter.im/xolstice/protobuf-maven-plugin.svg)](https://gitter.im/xolstice/protobuf-maven-plugin?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

A plugin that integrates protocol buffers compiler (`protoc`) into Maven lifecycle.
This is a continuation of `maven-protoc-plugin` that was started at Google
and later developed by GitHub community.

[Release notes](https://www.xolstice.org/protobuf-maven-plugin/changes-report.html) and detailed documentation
are available on the [web site](https://www.xolstice.org/protobuf-maven-plugin/).

Please also read [Contribution Guidelines](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md) and [Code of Conduct](docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) for this project.
